[DOCS] Edits to README.md files in ai_ref_kits, agent_llm_rag, and conversational_ai_chatbot (#98)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_build_deploy: ai_ref_kits/conversational_ai_chatbot/README.md

To activate  the virtual environment for a **Unix-based** operating system, run:

```shell
source venv/bin/activate   # This command is for Unix-based operating systems such as Linux or macOS
```

To activate the virtual environment for a **Windows** operating system, run:

```shell
source venv\Scripts\activate   # This command is for Windows operating systems
```
This activates the virtual environment and changes your shell's prompt to indicate that you are now working in that environment.

### Install the Packages

To install the required packages, run the following commands:

```shell
python -m pip install --upgrade pip 
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Get Access to Llama

_NOTE: If you already have access to the Llama model weights, you can proceed to the authentication step, which is mandatory to convert the Llama model._

## Convert and Optimize the Model

The application uses three separate models. Each model requires conversion and optimization for use with OpenVINO™. The following process includes a step to convert and optimize each model.

> _NOTE: This reference kit requires more than 8GB of bandwidth and disk space for downloading models. Because of the large model size, when you run the kit for the first time, the conversion can take more than two hours and require more than  32GB of memory. After the first run, the subsequent runs should finish much faster._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: This reference kit requires more than 8GB of bandwidth and disk space for downloading models. Because of the large model size, when you run the kit for the first time, the conversion can take more than two hours and require more than 32GB of memory. After the first run, the subsequent runs should finish much faster._
```

### Step 1. Automated Speech Recognition Distil-Whisper Conversion  

The ASR model converts spoken language (audio) to written text. This functionality is crucial because it enables the chatbot to understand and process voice-based user queries.

To convert and optimize the automatic speech recognition (ASR) model performing weights quantization, run:
```shell
python convert_and_optimize_asr.py --asr_model_type distil-whisper-large-v3 --precision int8
```

### Step 2. Chat Model, Embedding Model, and Reranker Model Conversion
  
The _chat model_ is the core of the chatbot's ability to generate meaningful and context-aware responses. It processes the text input from the ASR model and produces a human-like response.  

> The _embedding model_ represents text data (both user queries and potential responses or knowledge base entries) as numerical vectors. These vectors are essential for tasks such as semantic search and similarity matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _embedding model_ converts text data (both user queries and potential responses or knowledge base entries) to numerical vectors. These vectors are essential for tasks such as semantic search and similarity matching.
```

- `--chat_model path/to/chat_model`: The path to your chat model directory (for example, `model/llama3.2-3B-INT4`) that drives conversation flow and response generation.

- `--embedding_model path/to/embedding_model`: The path to your embedding model directory (for example, `model/bge-small-FP32`) for understanding and matching text inputs.

- `--reranker_model path/to/reranker_model`: The path to your reranker model directory (for example, `model/bge-reranker-large-FP32`). This model reranks responses to ensure relevance and accuracy.

- `--tts_model tts_model_name`: The Hugging Face name of your TTS (text-to-speech) model (for example, `microsoft/speecht5_tts`) for converting text responses to spoken words.

- `--vocoder_model vocoder_model_name`: The Hugging Face name of your vocoder model (for example, `microsoft/speecht5_hifigan`), which enhances the audio quality of the spoken responses.

- `--public`: Include this flag to make the Gradio interface publicly accessible over the network. Without this flag, the interface is only available on your local machine.

> To run the application, execute the `app.py` script with the following command. Make sure to include all necessary model directory arguments.

Reviewer: There are default values, so the user doesn't have to specify them explicitly.
